Adds support for root component (#1009)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/language/features.md

## Client configuration

You can configure the client using the `client` field inside the `app`
declaration,

```c
app MyApp {
  title: "My app",
  // ...
  client: {
    rootComponent: import Root from "@client/Root.jsx",
    setupFn: import mySetupFunction from "@client/myClientSetupCode.js"
  }
}
```

`app.client` is a dictionary with the following fields:

#### `rootComponent: ClientImport` (optional)

`rootComponent` defines the root component of your client application. It is
expected to be a React component, and Wasp will use it to wrap your entire app.
It must render its children, which are the actual pages of your application.

You can use it to define a common layout for your application:

```jsx title="src/client/Root.jsx"
export default async function Root({ children }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <header>
        <h1>My App</h1>
      </header>
      {children}
      <footer>
        <p>My App footer</p>
      </footer>
    </div>
  )
}
```

> You can use it to setup various providers that your application needs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use it to set up various providers that your application needs:
```

```jsx title="src/client/Root.jsx"
import store from './store'
import { Provider } from 'react-redux'

export default async function Root({ children }) {
  return (
    <Provider store={store}>
      <App>{children}</App>
    </Provider>
  )
}

function App({ children }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>My App</h1>
      {children}
    </div>
  )

> }

Reviewer 2: WHy do we need this extra App here? Can't we just have `Root` render children directly in Provider component and that is it?

Author: I wanted to offer a more elaborate example where we have the `Provider` wrapping and some `<App />` compnent (which is how you'll see it's done in the Redux docs).

This also works:
```jsx
export default async function Root({ children }) {
  return (
    <Provider store={store}>
      {children}
    </Provider>
  )
}
```

Reviewer 2: Ok! It is good to give exapmles, but I sometimes have the need to reduce them if possible, to make maintainance simpler. But this is probably ok it is not so complex. Unless this might confused them -> do I have to use this App inside this thing? I don't know, your call!

Author: I'll provide two use-case examples (Layout + Providers) and a one more elaborate where both are coming together.

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/1009/commits/207806c7cedd0093bfe9682f4a201d82fff4edd2
